R: Nakano Broadway!
R: Victor talks to EVERYONE.
Shane (S): This is where you can bring your comic books and get them priced out.
R: Again, Victor is talking to people.
S: He has to.
R: Cosplay popularity vote??
R: Uh... Chun Li?
R: I'm so bad, I don't know any of these.
Victor (V): Dinosaurs...
R: Assassin's Creed!
R: I can't even see what they look like, though.
V: What is that?
R: It's a video game, yeah.
V: What kind of video game?
R: You climb buildings and...
R: Assassinate people... Yeah, that's pretty much it.
R: Omg, this Link is $140!
R: This is $800!!
R: I don't even know who they are, but they're pretty.
R: That's kind of an interesting store decoration.
S: Yeah, I love it.
S: It gets cooler as you go down.
R: Omg, look at the giant Alien!
R: You have this really cool alien, and then it has Christmas lights in it.
J: Really?
R: It's sparkly.
J: He's sparkly.
R: This is really cool! Someone made this out of something.
R: Look at this skill made of skulls.
R: That's actually really cool.
J: That's crazy.
R: That's awesome!
R: Omg, look at the Ninja Turtles backpack!
R: It's a turtle shell, with turtles on it.
R: I would know this symbol anywhere!
J: What's that?
R: Star Wars.
J: Oh, Star Wars?
R: Do I look like a Ninja Turtle?
J: What's that?
R: A Ninja Turtle.
S: Wanna get some pizza, bro?
R: Cowabunga, dude!
S: I totally want pizza right now, bro.
R: Omg, that's awesome!
R: You could be like the protagonist of a show.
R: It's so cute!
R: I wanna see you in your school uniform.
J: What?!
R: It'd be adorable.
R: This is so cute!
J: I like those more professional ones over there.
J: Were you into those stuff?
R: Yeah, I'll have to ask my mom to look through our pictures,
R: see if she can find any embarrassing gothic Rachel photos.
R: I tried watching Evangelion and I only got through a couple episodes,
R: but whenever I see these adorable figures, it makes me want to watch it more.
R: Look, she's a ballerina! Asuka, right?
J: Yeah, Asuka.
R: I want this figure of her as a ballerina, and I've never even seen it.
J: Because she has red hair as well?
R: I guess so!
J: You just relate to her?
R: I'm a little biased.
S: Pricey watches.
R: Why are there so many watch stores here?
R: Do you want to look at any of the watches, Jun?
S: This one's $39,000.
R: (Jun loves watches!!)
R: A $40,000 watch!
R: Victor's talking to the clerk again.
R: It's a giant ice tray!
R: What do you do with something ice that's this big??
R: They have old, collectible figures here, on the card.
R: My family actually has a huge collection of vintage toys.
J: I watched some of the movies and...
J: Yoda is like the master of...
J: the... I forgot the blade thing.
J: Lightsaber!!
J: Okay, I don't care about those girls' names.
J: Can you tell me the names of those cats?
R: Luna and Artemis.
J: Wow.
R: Okay, well, in America,
R: back when anime started showing on TV,
R: it was mainly on a Cartoon Network program called Toonami.
R: And Sailor Moon and DBZ were kind of like the first two big ones
R: that they played, and I watched all of every of it.
J: DBZ... oh, Dragonball?
R: Yeah, DBZ. Dragonball Z.
J: Z.
R: Not Dragonball.
R: Look at Squall! He's so cool!
R: We're trying to find our way out now
R: and also find Victor, who gets easily distracted and wanders off.
S: So distracted, all the time.
R: We need to put him on a leash.
S: We need to put him on a leash.
R: Thanks for joining us in Nakano Broadway!
R: We'll see you guys later, bye!!